# Open Sea Group Partnership Agreement

This PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT of the OPEN SEA GROUP is effective as of
<!--- TODO --> Pigtober 1, 2015 among the partners and share holders
(both defined below) executing this agreement from time to time in
accordance with the terms herein.

## Agreement

### Definitions

**"Agreement"** means this Partnership Agreement, as amended from time
  to time according with its terms.

**"Capital Contribution"** means the total amount of cash 
  contributed to the partnership by any partner or investor.

**"Contributor shares"** means non-voting shares given to an
  individual who contributes sweat equity to the partnership.

**"Managing Director"** means the individual responsible for the day
  to day operations of the group, including financial management,
  relationship management, and all reporting requirements.

**"Fiscal year"** means each twelve-month period beginning on January
  1 and ending on December 31 of each year.

**"Investor"** means a financial investor in the group, entitled to
  a share in the finanancial returns of the partnership, but without
  voting rights.

**"Majority Vote"** means greater than 50% of the voting shares.

**"Partner"** means any person who is admitted as a partner of the
  Open Sea Group in accordance with the terms of this agreement. A
  partner has voting rights and both cash and sweat equity
  contributions. 

**"Partnership share"** means shares owned by full partners in the
  group. 

**"Super Majority Vote"** means greater than 66% of the voting
  shares. 

**"Partnership Asset"** means any property or asset of the
  partnership.

**"Partnership Rights"** means all the rights of partner in the Open
  Sea Group subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement,
  including a partner's shares, rights to inspect the partnership's
  books and records, and rights to vote on matters coming before the
  partnership. 

**"Share"** means an interest in the partnership entitling the holder
  to receive a share of distributions, income and losses of
  the partnership issued in accordance with the terms of this
  agreement.

**"Voluntary Withdrawl"** means a partner's resignation from the
  partnership.

### Organizational Matters

**"Name"**: The name of the partnership is "Open Sea Group".  The name
may be changed by a supermajory vote.

**"Purpose"**: The purpose of the parnership shall be to invest the
  capital contributions and skills of the partners to help
  entrepreneurs bring ideas through the early phases of the startup
  process. A portion of the value generated by those startups will
  then be returned to the partners, investors, and contributors.

**"Voting Rights"**: Only full partners will be entitled to
  vote on any matter requiring a vote or consent of the partnership. 

### Shares and Capital Contributions

**"Shares"**: The partnership wil issue two classes of
  shares; financial shares and contributory shares.  Financial shares
  are issued in direct proportion to the capital contribution by a
  partner or investor.  Contributory shares are issued in proportion
  to sweat equity contributions to the parnership.
  Share ownership will be tracked by the managing director.  

**"Return of Capital Contributions"**: No share holder shall be
  entitled to receive any interest on its Capital Contributions. The
  share holders shall not have the right to demand return of their
  Capital Contributions, nor shall the shareolders have the right to
  demand and receive property other than cash in return for their
  Capital Contributions. 

**"Distribution Generally"**: The Manager shall have the right, in his
   sole discretion, to determine whether, and to what extent,
   distributions of Net Cash Flow and Net Capital Proceeds shall be
   made to the share holders.
  
**"Distributions of Net Cash Flow**": If the Manager determines to
   make distributions of Net Cash Flow , such distributions of Net Cash
   Flow shall be made to the share holders in such proportions as the
   Manager determines in his reasonable discretion reflect the allocation
   of Net Operating Profits and Net Operating Losses to the Capital
   Accounts of the share holders.

**"Distributions of Net Capital Proceeds"**: If the Manager determines
  to make distributions of Net Capital Proceeds, such distributions of
  Net Capital Proceeds shall be made to the share holders pro rata
  based on the share holders’ respective partnership percentage
  Interests; with 80% of the distribution made to the investment share
  holders in proportion to their investment shares, and 20% of the
  distributon made to the contributory share holders in proportion to
  their contributory shares

***Management of the Partnership***

**"Manager"**: The Open Sea Group will be managed by a Managing
   Director (the “Manager”) appointed by a supermajority vote of the
   partners. The Manager may, but
   need not be, an investor or contributor. Any vacancy occurring with
   respect to the Manager position shall be filled by the written consent
   of a Super Majority of the partners. 

**"Removal and Resignation of Manager**": The Manager may be removed
   from such position due to the Manager’s resignation or death or by a
   Super Majority vote  of the partners for any reason or no
   reason. The Manager may resign as a Manager of the partnership without the
   consent of any Person upon written notice to the partners; provided,
   that any such resignation by the Manager shall not result in the
   dissolution of the partnership. 

**"Authority of the Manager"**: Responsibility for the management of
  the partnership shall be vested exclusively in the Manager. The
  Manager shall have the power and authority to manage, control,
  administer and operate the business and affairs of the partnership
  and to take all such
  actions as he deems necessary or appropriate to accomplish the
  purposes of the Company as set forth herein. 

**"Rights of the partners**": Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
  contained herein, except as required by Applicable Law and except as
  explicitly set forth herein, the partners shall not participate in
  the management or control of the partnership’s business nor shall they
  transact any business for the partnership, nor shall they have the power
  to act for or bind the partnership, said powers being vested solely and
  exclusively in the Manager. 

***Liability and Indemnification***

Except as otherwise required by non-waivable provisions of Applicable
Law or as expressly set forth in this Agreement, no Share Holder shall
have any personal liability whatsoever in such Share Holder’s capacity
as a Share Holder in excess of his Capital Contribution, whether to the
Partnership, to any of the other Share Holders, to the creditors of the
Partnership or to any other third party, for the debts, liabilities,
commitments or any other obligations of the Partnership or for any losses
of the Partnership, other than arising out of a breach of this Agreement
(or any other agreement between such Share Holder and the Partnership) by
such Share Holder, actions by such Share Holder prohibited by this
Agreement or as provided in any other written agreement between the
Partnership and such Share Holder. 

None of the Partners, the Manager or the officers shall be personally
liable for the return of any portion of the Capital Contributions (or
any return thereon) of the Share Holders and the return, if any, of
such Capital Contributions (or any return thereon) shall be made
solely from assets of the Partnership. None of the Partners or the Manager
shall be required to pay to the Partnership or any Share Holder any deficit
in any Share Holder’s Capital Account upon dissolution of the Partnership
or otherwise. Subject to Section 6.3, none of the Partners, the Manager
or the officers shall be liable, responsible or accountable, in
damages or otherwise, to any Share Holder or to the Partnership for any act
performed by such Partner, the Manager or such officer within the scope
of the authority conferred on the Partners, the Manager or the officers
(as applicable) by this Agreement, except for gross negligence, fraud,
bad faith or a material breach of this Agreement. 

The Partnership shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the Act,
indemnify and hold harmless the Share Holders, the Partners, the
Manager, the officers and their respective partners, shareholders,
partners, officers, trustees, advisory board, directors, employees,
attorneys and agents and other Affiliates (collectively, the
“Indemnified Parties”) from and against any loss, expense, damage or
injury suffered or sustained by them by reason of any acts, omissions
or alleged acts or omissions arising out of the their activities on
behalf of the Partnership.

***Transfers***

No partner
may Transfer any partnership shares except with the consent of a
majority of the other partners.  If such a majority cannot be
obtained, the partnership shares will be converted to an investment
share in the partnership.

***Removal of a partner***

**"Removal Due to Death, Disability or Bankruptcy"**: If a share
  older’s engagement with the partnership is terminated as a result of
  such share holder’s death, Disability or Bankruptcy, then the
  partnership shall have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase
  all or any portion of such share holder’s shares for an
  aggregate price equal to the lesser of (i) the balance of such Unit
  Holder’s Capital Account attributable to the shares to be
  purchased by the partnership as of the last day of the month preceding
  the month in which such death, Disability or Bankruptcy occurs, and
  (ii) the balance of such share holder’s Capital Account attributable
  to the shares to be purchased by the Company as of the last
  day of the month in which such death, Disability or Bankruptcy
  occurs. The foregoing option shall be exercisable by the partnership by
  written notice to the applicable share holder at any time and from
  time to time following the date of such share holder’s death,
  Disability or Bankruptcy. Each share holder 
  shall notify the partnership of his Bankruptcy within one (1) day of the
  occurrence thereof. 

**"Removal for cause"**: If a supermajority of the remainging partners
   determines that a partner should be removed for cause, *** TBD ***

**"Resignation of a partner"**: TBD

**"Dissolution"**: The partnership may be dissolved upon the approval by
a supermajority of the partners.

**"Procedure for Winding Up"**: TBD

***Books, Records, and Accounts***

**"Bank Accounts"**: TBD

**"Books and Records"**: TBD

**"Audits"***: TBD

